LoadBalancer IPAM (#1788)
tigera/docs: calico/reference/resources/kubecontrollersconfig.mdx

| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------- |
| reconcilerPeriod | Period to perform reconciliation with the $[prodname] datastore | [Duration string][parse-duration] | 5m      |

### LoadBalancerController

> The loadBalancer controller manages IPAM for Service LoadBalancer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The load balancer controller manages IPAM for `LoadBalancer` services.
```
